README.md, before:

# Beat.Box
> Our team is building a media platform for music playlists so listeners can save time by making sharing playlists a breeze. Beat.Box will allow users to import and export playlists to and from their favorite streaming platforms and convert their offline libraries to sharable playlists.

> By Libin Koyikalathu, Naomi Padilla, Austin Sansing, Nelson Uzoaru, and Avery VanAusdal
<!--   > Live demo [TBA](https://bitbucket.org/cs3398-s22-romulans/beat-box/src/). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)

<!-- 
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [License](#license) -->


## General Information
![Logo](https://bitbucket.org/cs3398-s22-romulans/beat.box/downloads/Beat.Box.png)

Dedicated servers for streaming and licenses with major publishers are a bit expensive for a student project, so we'll be working with what we've got.
<!-- - Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- [Soundiiz](https://soundiiz.com/), a playlist export tool
- [Exportify](https://github.com/watsonbox/exportify), exports spotify playlists in CSV format
- [Spotify API](https://developer.spotify.com/), for music metadata and playlist information
- [Apple Music API](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/applemusicapi/), for pulling playlist information
- [Audio Fingerprint Identifier](https://github.com/itspoma/audio-fingerprint-identifying-python), for helping identify music
- [Replit](https://replit.com/), a collaborative browser IDE
- [FFmpeg](https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg), an open-source collection of tools for multimedia processing


## Features
Planned features:

- File Scanner
	- Allows users to scan their local music libraries and convert to local editable playlists
	- Avery's story corresponds to this

- Open Borders
    - Allows users to use our platform to import and export playlists to and from Apple Music and Spotify
	- Austin and Nelson's stories correspond to this
## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...
- The design of the website template sketch is based on by [Pandora](www.pandora.com) [Spotify](spotify.com) and a tutorial from
[Satori Graphics] from youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiV7E_LVlxs&ab_channel=SatoriGraphics)
- The operating systems code to open Apple Music comes from Xiao Chen lab 1 homework and 
  linuxHint.com(https://linuxhint.com/c-chdir-function-usage/).

<!--
## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->

<!--
## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.

<!--
## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

`write-your-code-here`

<!--
## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_ / _complete_ / _no longer being worked on_. If you are no longer working on it, provide reasons why.

<!--
## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2





## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

adding done items and acknowledgments

README.md, after:

# Beat.Box
> Our team is building a media platform for music playlists so listeners can save time by making sharing playlists a breeze. Beat.Box will allow users to import and export playlists to and from their favorite streaming platforms and convert their offline libraries to sharable playlists.

> By Libin Koyikalathu, Naomi Padilla, Austin Sansing, Nelson Uzoaru, and Avery VanAusdal
<!--   > Live demo [TBA](https://bitbucket.org/cs3398-s22-romulans/beat-box/src/). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)

<!-- 
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [License](#license) -->


## General Information
![Logo](https://bitbucket.org/cs3398-s22-romulans/beat.box/downloads/Beat.Box.png)

Dedicated servers for streaming and licenses with major publishers are a bit expensive for a student project, so we'll be working with what we've got.
<!-- - Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- [Soundiiz](https://soundiiz.com/), a playlist export tool
- [Exportify](https://github.com/watsonbox/exportify), exports spotify playlists in CSV format
- [Spotify API](https://developer.spotify.com/), for music metadata and playlist information
- [Apple Music API](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/applemusicapi/), for pulling playlist information
- [Audio Fingerprint Identifier](https://github.com/itspoma/audio-fingerprint-identifying-python), for helping identify music
- [Replit](https://replit.com/), a collaborative browser IDE
- [FFmpeg](https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg), an open-source collection of tools for multimedia processing


## Features
Planned features:

- File Scanner
	- Allows users to scan their local music libraries and convert to local editable playlists
	- Avery's story corresponds to this

- Open Borders
    - Allows users to use our platform to import and export playlists to and from Apple Music and Spotify
	- Austin and Nelson's stories correspond to this
## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...
- The design of the website template sketch is based on by [Pandora](www.pandora.com) [Spotify](spotify.com) and a tutorial from
[Satori Graphics] from youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiV7E_LVlxs&ab_channel=SatoriGraphics)
- The operating systems code to open Apple Music comes from Xiao Chen lab 1 homework and 
  linuxHint.com(https://linuxhint.com/c-chdir-function-usage/).
-Designing the the basic music player I followed BRO CODE on youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyZQVJiARTQ), 
-Learning about netbean and how to create a basic functional GUI I took guidance from Mahmoud Hamwi (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg5zWJTQWx8&t=229s)
## done items
- Naomi has created a basic functional GUI on netbean. I got the buttons to lead to other GUI that we plan on creating in the next sprint 
 are the artist and song page. 
 -Naomi got done a basic Music Player gui with functional play, restart and pause button. This GUI reads a wav file and plays this file as a 
  a clip. She tried to connect both functional GUIS but each GUI was made on a different platforms so it was difficult to combine the two.

## sprint two goals 
-Naomi is expected to design future layouts for 
 

<!--
## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->

<!--
## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.

<!--
## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

`write-your-code-here`

<!--
## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_ / _complete_ / _no longer being worked on_. If you are no longer working on it, provide reasons why.

<!--
## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2





## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
